hey guys so if you have read from the
title you were probably like Kristin why
are you doing a snow white inspired
tutorial but i have a new series of
tutorials for you guys and they are
princess tutorials princesses disney
princesses in general are like my
favorite thing in the entire world and i
decided to kind of do a tutorial series
incorporating them into it because i
want to do more tutorials for you guys
because I get requested for them all the
time but I also want to do something a
little bit different rather than the
whole like neutral looks all the time
because I want to be able to kind of
expand what I know because all I know is
how to do like neutral looks I want to
be able to try new things experiment
with my makeup and kind of share with
you guys looks that I think I take
inspiration from from the Disney
Princesses now I'm not saying that these
are like the exact looks because we all
know Disney Princesses don't wear blue
eyeshadow or yellow eyeshadow they
basically have neutral looks so I took
sort of the inspiration from their
dresses and I will be doing a tutorial
probably every other video or so so this
is the snow white look it's a yellow and
blue like her dress and then I have to
read like the poison to Apple lips I did
a little bit of a gradient there so
please let me know if you guys are
excited for the series as much as I am
and if you want to see how to get my
Snow White inspired look band keep on
watching so to start I'm just taking my
Urban Decay eyeshadow primer potion and
putting a little bit of that onto my lid
and blending it out with my finger just
to make sure that our shadows stay on
all day long then for a base i'm taking
the NYX jumbo eye shadow pencil this one
is in milk and I'm just going to put
this in random spots all over my lid
there's no specific place the buttocks
I'm just going to blend it out
the pilot we're using is this NYX 10
color eyeshadow palette called jazz
night and it looks like this these are
the colors we're going to take my Sonia
Kashuk flat eyeshadow brush and this
yellow color here and I'm literally just
going to pack that onto my lid just
really pack this color on because as you
can see when you first apply it looks
very white because of the white base so
we want it to look really really yellow
like right here
then taking the Sonia Kashuk crease
brush I'm going to take this brown very
very lightly just going to pick up a
tiny bit of that and kind of run that a
little bit into the outer corner and
then whatever is left on the brush word
is going to run through the crease using
the same brush I'm just going to pick up
this navy blue color and I'm just going
to put that in the outer third into the
crease like this
taking a clean blending brush I'm just
going to blend that out a little tiny
bit and then on the blending brush I'm
just going to take that light silver
color I'm going to take it very gently
though just like a tiny tiny bit on the
brush and just kind of lightly use that
as the highlight I'm going to go back in
using the same blue and yellow shadows
and just kind of darken them up a little
bit then i'm going to create that kind
of little bit of a winged liner i'm
using this is the l'oreal linear intense
felt-tip liquid eyeliner
and for the waterline i'm just going to
use this navy blue liner this is from
NYX it's called sapphire it's a baby one
because I've used it so much but I'm
going to use this on the waterline
then to highlight the inner corner I'm
just going to take the NYX jumbo pencil
and milk again and just create a little
bit of an outline on the inner corner
and just press on it just to highlight
that area because I love using
highlighter then I'm going to curl my
lashes apply my two mascaras and that's
it for your eyes and then for the cheeks
to create that kind of little bit of a
rosy glow I'm just using the NYX Rouge
cream blush this one is in natural and
it's a cream blush she really only like
a little bit and it just gives that
little bit of a flush and then for the
lips I'm going to kind of create a
little bit of a gradient kind of lip
kind of something different that I've
never done before I didn't want to do
just a plain red lipstick because that
would be pretty basic and pretty boring
so I'm going to start by using a plain
basic boring lipstick but then i'm going
to spice it up by using a different
product so the lipstick i'm using is my
favorite red this is one of the
Maybelline I think these are called
color sensational lipsticks this one is
in plum perfect but it's actually just a
really deep kind of like blood red color
so I'm just going to apply this directly
from the tube onto my lips
so that's what the lipstick looks like
and then I'm going to take this brush
this my glam brush and I'm going to be
using the occ lip tar this one is in
grandma which is a coral but I'm
actually going to apply it just to like
the middle of my lips to kind of create
a gradient kind of like a poisoned lip
kind of look because this just looks
like vampy and kind of boring nothing's
to know why I think so I'm just going to
take a little bit of this on the back of
your hand you do not need much at all
just going to pick up the tiniest bit
and just apply it to the center of my
lips I know that looks crazy right now
we're going to blend it
so as you can see with a little bit of a
gradient it doesn't look so boring it
actually looks like she bit into the
poisoned apple and it just looks really
different and something that I really
really like so I hope you guys enjoy
this tutorial I hope it's something that
you can get a little bit of use out of
it's not exactly wearable but that's
basically on my own terms it may be
wearable for anybody else I really hope
you guys enjoy this series let me know
if you guys are excited for as excited
as I am to do all these tutorials and
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed please
subscribe if you're not already and I'll
see you guys in my next video bye